DOCSP-31430: Explain new API benefits (#436)
mongodb/docs-java: source/legacy.txt

--------

In this section, you can identify the changes you need to make to migrate from

> the legacy API to the current API. This page also highlights features unique to 

Reviewer: S: For accuracy + consistency with our other pages, I'd change the first line to "On this page..." instead of "this section". You can then change "This page also highlights..." to "You can also learn about features unique to..."

> the current Java Sync driver and includes the benefits of migrating to the new 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the current {+driver-short+} and includes the benefits of migrating to the new 
```

always check for any other differences in options and return values before
moving it to production.

> Current API Benefits

Reviewer 2: There are other reasons that have nothing to do with server support, e.g. support for POJOs/records.  Should we also mention some of those?

Author: Info about POJOs and records has been added!

--------------------

You can continue to use the legacy API with each new {+mdb-server+} release. 
However, the legacy API does not support any new features introduced in {+mdb-server+}

> 3.0 or later. Upgrade to the current API to use the following features:

Reviewer 2: Let's not imply that this is an exhaustive list, as it is not.

Author: I changed the wording a bit so that it's more clear that this list is just a few examples.

always check for any other differences in options and return values before
moving it to production.

Current API Benefits
--------------------

You can continue to use the legacy API with each new {+mdb-server+} release.
However, the legacy API does not support any updates introduced in {+mdb-server+}
3.0 or later. Additionally, the legacy API lacks support for certain features

> of the current {+driver-short+}. Some features only available in the current API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of the current {+driver-short+}. Some features only available in the non-legacy API
```

Technically, the legacy API is still current.

always check for any other differences in options and return values before
moving it to production.

Current API Benefits
--------------------

> You can continue to use the legacy API with each new MongoDB server release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can continue to use the legacy API with each new {+mdb-server+} release. 
```

> However, the legacy API does not support any new features introduced in MongoDB 3.0 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the legacy API does not support any new features introduced in {+mdb-server+} 3.0 
```

or later. Upgrade to the current API to use the following features:

> - **Change streams**, a MongoDB Server feature designed to monitor real-time changes to a single 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Change streams**, a {+mdb-server+} feature designed to monitor real-time changes to a single 
```

  collection, database, or deployment
- **Multi-document ACID transactions**, which ensure atomicity of reads and writes to multiple 
  documents and allow for transactions across multiple operations, collections, databases, 
  documents, and shards

> - **Time series collections**, or collections that store sequences of measurements over a period 

Reviewer: S: remove "or" to be consistent with other list items

```suggestion
- **Time series collections**, collections that store sequences of measurements over a period 
```

Author: Updated, I used slightly different wording than your suggestion but made it more consistent with the other bullet points

  of time and improve query efficiency for time series data
- **Queryable Encryption**, which allows you to encrypt sensitive workloads and to query 
  the encrypted data

> To learn about more features only available after upgrading to the current API, see :ref:`java-whats-new`.

Reviewer: S: shorten

```suggestion
To learn about more features of the current API, see :ref:`java-whats-new`.
```
